Add behavioral changes section to ICU doc and link to string comparison doc (#21373)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/globalization-localization/globalization-icu.md

> [!NOTE]
> Even when using ICU, the `CurrentCulture`, `CurrentUICulture`, and `CurrentRegion` members still use Windows operating system APIs to honor user settings.

### Behavioral differences

> You might see changes in your app even if you don't realize you're using globalization facilities. This section lists a couple of the behavioral changes you might see, but there are others too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you upgrade your app to target .NET 5, you might see changes in your app even if you don't realize you're using globalization facilities. This section lists one of the behavioral changes you might see, but there are others too.
```

##### String.IndexOf

Consider the following code that calls <xref:System.String.IndexOf(System.String)?displayProperty=nameWithType> to find the index of the newline character in a string.

```csharp
string s = "Hello\r\nworld!";
int idx = s.IndexOf("\n");
Console.WriteLine(idx);
```

- In previous versions of .NET on Windows, the snippet prints `6`.

> - In .NET 5.0 and later versions on Windows 19H1 and later versions, the snippet prints `-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In .NET 5.0 and later versions on Windows 10 May 2019 Update and later versions, the snippet prints `-1`.
```
